what better time to film them when your
camera is flashing the battery thing you
so wet seal was having some kind of 25
all 50 or 50 of 100 either way it was
around fifty percent off so I went ham
this is so embarrassing I want so badly
to be a hat person but my head is so
enormous so what's embarrassing is that
I bought a hat what's more embarrassing
is that it doesn't fit so I don't know
what the return policy is on like
accessories but this needs to go back I
even measured my head and it's doesn't
fit alright next month I'm going to the
Bahamas and I want it flowy shorts to go
with those bodies they got from
passionate figure and I can really
decide the style i wanted so i got to so
the first pair is pink and floral and
they remind me of like pajama bottom and
then the second pair i got is more dark
and floral and i really like these
because the bottom they have a little
more detail so I'm definitely wear these
with those body suits I got I'm going on
a cruise next month so I'm just like
trying to put together alpha ideas I
don't even remember ordering these they
showed up in the box so I got more
leggings because who can't use more
leggings and I ripped mine like once a
week like the ones I'm wearing now have
holes in them and the ones i got on
yesterday at holes in them so I'm just
always buying leggings this shirt I
really really like it's kind of a
high-low lace top and there's a cutout
in the back this looks really good on
and I think they had it in white and
like a rosy dusty purple and I'm
definitely go back and get the purple
one because I really like how this looks
and finally I just got let me just open
these
like I said I'm going on a cruise next
month so I want them slip on shoes so I
got the like Tom style shoes because
these are like five dollars after all
the sales so I was like why not so those
be good for like water shoes I don't
feel bad about just like throwing out
afterwards I also will do this I was at
Macy's and I have a lot of money in
Macy's gift cards and I thought about
just buying like forty dollars worth of
godiva chocolates that they have by the
register but that'd be huge so I ended
up getting this really really long
sweater it's like to my ankles it was
seven dollars though so why not and um
it's basically a blanket I'm all about
like mary-kate Olsen homeless-looking
comfy stuff all right and finally I
heard really really good things about
these ponte pants from torrid so I
ordered a pair with my hot cash um right
now when I took them out of the bag they
looked kind of like they would be short
on me I haven't tried them on yet though
so hopefully they like fit well I went
with the zero because that's what I
we're in their leggings and lightens
have a pretty good length but I don't
know the way these look they look like
they be short so I might have to size up
if they're too short but I really like
them because they're like they're kind
of like leggings but they're thicker I
just wanna like higher quality black
bottoms so hopefully those fit these are
the best pants ever stop what you're
doing and go buy them these were around
$53 I think but I'd hot cash that's 25
off and then I had ten dollars off
because of the tort insider so these
haven't been $23 so that's not bad at
all and i think that's it that was
pretty quick a couple things i know i
said when i hit a thousand subscribers i
was gonna do a room tour but since i'm
already almost near 2000 i'm gonna do
with a room tour when i hit 2000 um I
want to do I got a couple bikinis and I
know those are really popular on YouTube
for some reason because I think people
are just like I don't know why people
are so intrigued of like fat girls in
bathing suits but they always get like
really popular so I don't know if you
guys want me to do a whole a look book
or just a tryout of bathing suits if you
guys be injured yeah if you guys would
be interested in seeing that let me know
the only thing alarming about me in a
bathing suit is how pale my stomach is I
don't think it's ever seen some light in
my entire life feel like there's
something else I'll probably think of it
and like 2am so thank you so much for
watching bye I know my boss watches my
youtube videos now that's uh oh I don't
know no